chore(KIC): update references for v2.12.x (#6685)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/kic-v2/references/cli-arguments-2.12.x.md

| `--kong-admin-tls-client-key-file` | `string` | MTLS client key file for authentication. |  |
| `--kong-admin-tls-server-name` | `string` | SNI name to use to verify the certificate presented by Kong in TLS. |  |
| `--kong-admin-tls-skip-verify` | `bool` | Disable verification of TLS certificate of Kong's Admin endpoint. | `false` |

> | `--kong-admin-token` | `string` | The Kong Enterprise RBAC token used by the controller. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--kong-admin-token` | `string` | The {{site.ee_product_name}} RBAC token used by the controller. |  |
```
This variable is correct in this instance (the name changed a little while ago to "Kong Gateway Enterprise", which is what this variable renders as)

Author: Thanks! Should I update the origin template in KIC's repo? (This file was generated from a template)

| `--kong-admin-url` | `stringSlice` | Kong Admin URL(s) to connect to in the format "protocol://address:port". More than 1 URL can be provided, in such case the flag should be used multiple times or a corresponding env variable should use comma delimited addresses. | `[http://localhost:8001]` |

> | `--kong-workspace` | `string` | Kong Enterprise workspace to configure. Leave this empty if not using Kong workspaces. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--kong-workspace` | `string` | {{site.ee_product_name}} workspace to configure. Leave this empty if not using Kong workspaces. |  |
```
